# kanm-310
KANM Dashboard coded in XAMPP stack (Apache, PHP, HTML/CSS) 

# How to Run

XAMPP is really weird.

It basically serves whatever you have in the htdocs/ folder on the localhost, **so long as you are running the Apache web server in XAMPP.**

This is found in `Applications/XAMPP/htdocs` on Mac. On Windows, this is found IDK where.

To make this webpage render on `http://localhost/kanm-310/` you need to clone this repo in the XAMPP application files, specifically.

To view PHPMyAdmin, go to `http://localhost/phpmyadmin/`
**Make sure the MySQL Database is running in XAMPP before you do this.**

# Running the GUI

Run the command `npm i` then `npm run dev` in the react directory of the project. This will start the react frontend. 

# Database Updating

So I'm too lazy to handle migrations, so we are just gonna go the old fashioned way to make sure our databases are synchronized for development.

I have added a db folder where you will put a .sql file that will synchronize our database to your latest version.

This can be easily generated by the export tab on PHPMyAdmin.

You can upload this file to your PHPMyAdmin using the Import tab. 

# Database Credentials

Default database credentials are currently being used. This is fine for development, however we will likely need to store credentials and use a password (lol) if we want to get credit for security. As for now, the config found in scripts will work for the default XAMPP install **so long as you have created the kanm database within PHPMyAdmin**.
